README.md, before:

# Social

Developer: Sean Reid

<img src="">
<a href="https://social-app-p4.herokuapp.com/">Live App</a>


## Table of Contents

1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
    2. [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [Targeted Audience](#targeted-audience)
    2. [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    3. [User Stories](#user-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    1. [Flowchart](#flowchart)
    2. [User Manual](#user-manual)
    3. [Agile Methodologies](#agile-methodologies)
    4. [Data Models](#data-models)
4. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
    1. [Languages](#languages)
    2. [Frameworks and Tools](#frameworks-and-tools)
    3. [Libraries](#libraries)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Testing](#validation)
7. [Bugs](#Bugs)
8. [Deployment](#deployment)
9. [Credits](#credits)
10. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals

### User Goals

<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

### Site Owner Goals

<ul>
<li></li>
<li></li>
</ul>

## User Experience

### Targeted Audience

<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

### User Requirements and Expectations

<ul>
<li>Login equired</li>
<li>Program should run without errors</li>
</ul>

## User Stories

### As A First Time User:

1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 

### As A Returning User:

8. 
9. 

### As A Site Owner:

10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
14. 
15. 

### Description



## Design

### Flowchart
<details><summary>Flowchart</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

### User Manual

<details><summary>Overview</summary></details>


#### 
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

### Agile Methodologies

<details><summary></summary></details>

### Data Model

<details><summary></summary></details>

## Technologies Used

### Languages

<ul>
<li>Python</li>
</ul>

### Frameworks and Tools

<ul>
<li>Cloudinary</li>
<li>Diagrams.net - used for flowchart.</li>
<li>Django</li>
<li>Git - used for version control within VSCode to push the code to GitHub.</li>
<li>Github - used as a remote repository to store project code.</li>
<li>Gitpod - open source developer platform used for project code.</li>
<li>Google Cloud Platform - used to manage access and permissions to google auth, google sheets, google services, etc.</li>
<li>Google Sheets API - RESTful interface used read and modify project spreadsheet data.</li>
<li>Google Sheets - used to store spreadsheet data.</li>
<li>Heroku - used to deploy project.</li>
<li>PEP8 - used to validate python code.</li>
<li>Visual Studio Code - IDE used to write the code for project.</li>
</ul>

### Libraries

#### Python Libraries

<ul>
<li>os</li>
</ul>

#### 3rd Party Libraries

<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

## Features

### Home Page

<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

## Testing

### Validation

<ul>
<li>Python code was tested via The PEP8 Python Validator.</li>
<br>
<details><summary></summary>
<img src="">
</ul>

### Browser Compatibility

The website was tested on the browsers via:
<ul>
<li>Google Chrome</li>
<li>Microsoft Edge</li>
<li>Firefox</li>
</ul>

## User Story Testing

1. 

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Result** | **Actual Result** |
|-------------|------------|---------------------|-------------------|
|  |  |  |  |
<details><summary>Screenshots</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

1. 

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Result** | **Actual Result** |
|-------------|------------|---------------------|-------------------|
|  |  |  |  |
<details><summary>Screenshots</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

## Bugs


| **Bugs** | **Fixes** |
| -------- | --------- |
|   |  |

## Unfixed Bugs
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

## Deployment

<ul>
<li>Within the terminal of your workspace enter:"pip3 freeze > requirements.txt".</li>
<li>Commit and push these changes.</li>
<li>Go to the Heroku website and login/create an account.</li>
<li>Click on the create app button and give it a name. </li>
<li>Select a region and then click on the create app button.</li>
<li>Locate and select the "Settings" tab.</li>
<li>Locate the "Config Vars" button.</li>
<li>In the "KEY" textbox, type in "CREDS"</li>
<li>Return to your workspace and copy all the code on the "creds.json" file.</li>
<li>Return to your heroku page.</li>
<li>In the Value textbox of "Config Vars" paste the code from your "creds.json" file and save.</li>
<li>Next scroll down to buildpacks and select "Add buildpack</li>
<li>Select and save "Python" and "Nodejs" respectively.</li>
<li>Return to the top and select the "Deploy" tab.</li>
<li>Select "Connect to Github" and then search for you repository.</li>
<li>Next scroll down and select the "Deploy branch" button and wait a few minutes.</li>
<li>Select view and yoiu will be redirected to your app.</li>
</ul>

## Credits

### Code Institute

<ul>
<li>Template used was the Code Institute gitpod full template.</li>
<li>Template for README file was taken from my third projcet.</li>
<li>The Code Institute 'I Think Therefore I Blog' Walkthrough was used as a base for this project.</li>
</ul>

#### Other

<ul>
<li><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/">Stack Overflow</a> provided help on many queries.</li>
</ul>

## Acknowledgements

 <ul>
 <li>I'd like to thank My mentor Mo Shami for his support.</li>
 <li>This is a resubmission due to missing the deadline date because of work, depression and personal issues and I'd like to thank the Code Institute staff for their continued support and understanding.</li>
 </ul>

 [Return To Top](#Social)

Commit message:

Tidy up admin panel and add filters

README.md, after:

# Social

Developer: Sean Reid

<img src="">
<a href="https://social-app-p4.herokuapp.com/">Live App</a>


## Table of Contents

1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
    2. [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [Targeted Audience](#targeted-audience)
    2. [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    3. [User Stories](#user-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    1. [Flowchart](#flowchart)
    2. [User Manual](#user-manual)
    3. [Agile Methodologies](#agile-methodologies)
    4. [Data Models](#data-models)
4. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
    1. [Languages](#languages)
    2. [Frameworks and Tools](#frameworks-and-tools)
    3. [Libraries](#libraries)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Testing](#validation)
7. [Bugs](#Bugs)
8. [Deployment](#deployment)
9. [Credits](#credits)
10. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals

### User Goals

<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

### Site Owner Goals

<ul>
<li></li>
<li></li>
</ul>

## User Experience

### Targeted Audience

<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

### User Requirements and Expectations

<ul>
<li>Login equired</li>
<li>Program should run without errors</li>
</ul>

## User Stories

### As A First Time User:

1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 

### As A Returning User:

8. 
9. 

### As A Site Owner:

10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
14. 
15. 

### Description



## Design

### Flowchart
<details><summary>Flowchart</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

### User Manual

<details><summary>Overview</summary></details>


#### 
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

### Agile Methodologies

<details><summary></summary></details>

### Data Model

<details><summary></summary></details>

## Technologies Used

### Languages

<ul>
<li>Python</li>
</ul>

### Frameworks and Tools

<ul>
<li>Cloudinary</li>
<li>Diagrams.net - used for flowchart.</li>
<li>Django</li>
<li>Git - used for version control within VSCode to push the code to GitHub.</li>
<li>Github - used as a remote repository to store project code.</li>
<li>Gitpod - open source developer platform used for project code.</li>
<li>Google Cloud Platform - used to manage access and permissions to google auth, google sheets, google services, etc.</li>
<li>Google Sheets API - RESTful interface used read and modify project spreadsheet data.</li>
<li>Google Sheets - used to store spreadsheet data.</li>
<li>Heroku - used to deploy project.</li>
<li>PEP8 - used to validate python code.</li>
<li>Visual Studio Code - IDE used to write the code for project.</li>
</ul>

### Libraries

#### Python Libraries

<ul>
<li>os</li>
</ul>

#### 3rd Party Libraries

<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

## Features

### Home Page

<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

## Testing

### Validation

<ul>
<li>Python code was tested via The PEP8 Python Validator.</li>
<br>
<details><summary></summary>
<img src="">
</ul>

### Browser Compatibility

The website was tested on the browsers via:
<ul>
<li>Google Chrome</li>
<li>Microsoft Edge</li>
<li>Firefox</li>
</ul>

## User Story Testing

1. 

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Result** | **Actual Result** |
|-------------|------------|---------------------|-------------------|
|  |  |  |  |
<details><summary>Screenshots</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

1. 

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Result** | **Actual Result** |
|-------------|------------|---------------------|-------------------|
|  |  |  |  |
<details><summary>Screenshots</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

## Bugs


| **Bugs** | **Fixes** |
| -------- | --------- |
| Forbidden (403) error occurs when trying to access the admin panel  | Add 'CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS = ['https://example.io']' code to settings.py file |

## Unfixed Bugs
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>

## Deployment

<ul>
<li>Within the terminal of your workspace enter:"pip3 freeze > requirements.txt".</li>
<li>Commit and push these changes.</li>
<li>Go to the Heroku website and login/create an account.</li>
<li>Click on the create app button and give it a name. </li>
<li>Select a region and then click on the create app button.</li>
<li>Locate and select the "Settings" tab.</li>
<li>Locate the "Config Vars" button.</li>
<li>In the "KEY" textbox, type in "CREDS"</li>
<li>Return to your workspace and copy all the code on the "creds.json" file.</li>
<li>Return to your heroku page.</li>
<li>In the Value textbox of "Config Vars" paste the code from your "creds.json" file and save.</li>
<li>Next scroll down to buildpacks and select "Add buildpack</li>
<li>Select and save "Python" and "Nodejs" respectively.</li>
<li>Return to the top and select the "Deploy" tab.</li>
<li>Select "Connect to Github" and then search for you repository.</li>
<li>Next scroll down and select the "Deploy branch" button and wait a few minutes.</li>
<li>Select view and yoiu will be redirected to your app.</li>
</ul>

## Credits

### Code Institute

<ul>
<li>Template used was the Code Institute gitpod full template.</li>
<li>Template for README file was taken from my third projcet.</li>
<li>The Code Institute 'I Think Therefore I Blog' Walkthrough was used as a base for this project.</li>
</ul>

#### Other

<ul>
<li><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/">Stack Overflow</a> provided help on many queries.</li>
</ul>

## Acknowledgements

 <ul>
 <li>I'd like to thank My mentor Mo Shami for his support.</li>
 <li>This is a resubmission due to missing the deadline date because of work, depression and personal issues and I'd like to thank the Code Institute staff for their continued support and understanding.</li>
 </ul>

 [Return To Top](#Social)
